In the last lecture we added code to pass route parameters and I mention that you simply do this by
wrapping your element in a lane as we do it there we don't use to we turn that into an absolute path
and we pass post ID which we are able to receive because we set up a flexible path here.
However we now need to retrieve that parameter too.
So in the full post component there.
Now this prop's ID doesn't work anymore.
I print that.
Props to the console.
Earlier though if inspected.
This is four different components.
But the object always has the same structure.
You see that under match.
There actually is as parents object.
And if we print console lock this props in our full post component there and important also turn component
that update into component that mount because now we're not updating this.
It's getting added or removed to and from the dawn.
So this needs to be a component at Mount if we do that then we see the object in our post component
and they're under a match we see that parents we have the ideal parent.
And it's called I.D. because that is the name we set up as the name for this flexible element in this
route definition in the block component.
Now of course that allows us to extract this.
So here we can not only log it we can also access this props match parents start ID and we know it will
be there because this component is only loaded through this route which defines this idea Paran.
So now if we save this you see we get an error here so something is better the error we do get is that
somehow we still access the wrong ID the wrong post ID we're sending.
Well the reason for that simply is to add in the full post we are making it to the HTP request but there
we still access disk prop's ID.
This of course also has to be this prop's match parents ID and with data if we save everything and we
reload the app now it successfully loads post number free or if we exchange this with for post number
four.
And of course also if we click on them here.
So now we really have an application where we have a dynamic element because we are successfully passing
route parameters and extracting them.
Now there are still a couple of things which don't exactly work to say we want to work.
For example if you click on new post we are loading the new posts form but we also load that single
post.
Now do you know why this happens.
Let's take a closer look at this issue and how to fix it in the next lecture.